John Francis McGrath AM ( born 7 September 1939 ) is a former Australian politician . He was born in Victoria at Port Fairy . He grew up on a Dairy Farm in Killarney and attended St Brigids Primary School Crossley and St Joseph 's Christian Brothers College in Warrnambool . From 1963 he was a credit manager , becoming a commercial retail manager in 1967 and a small business operator in 1972.He was presented with a Warrnambool City Council Citizenship award in 1983 for service to the Community as Chair of the Foreshore Committee of Management , Chair of South West Credit Union , Chair of CBC School Council , Chair of Western Region Alcohol and Drug Centre . As a member of the National Party , he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly in 1985 as the member for Warrnambool . In that year he was appointed National Party Spokesman for Housing , moving to Transport and Labour in 1988 with the additional responsibility of Party Whip . In 1992 he was appointed Deputy Speaker and Chairman of Committees , a post he held until his retirement from politics in 1999.His two sons were both impacted by mental health , his eldest son Darren is today successfully living with the challenges of his Mental Health , but unfortunately his youngest son Shane took his own life in 1993 . These life experiences have seen John become engaged in advocating for families at state and national levels . He was the inaugural Chair of Mental Health Australia , Deputy Chair of beyondblue , Chair of the Mental Health Professionals Network , Board Director of headspace and On the Line.Other involvements included , Australian Health Ministers Advisory Council , Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatry , Private Psychiatric Services , Carers Australia , National Advisory Council for Suicide Prevention and Australian Rotary Health Foundation . John was awarded the Order of Australia Medal in 2008 for services to Mental Health , Victorian Parliament and National Party of Australia . 