Kristen `` Kristie '' Anne Mewis ( born February 25 , 1991 ) is an American professional soccer player . She is under contract with the Boston Breakers in the National Women 's Soccer League , but currently on loan to FC Bayern Munich . She also plays for the United States women 's national soccer team . Mewis grew up in Hanson , Massachusetts where she attended Whitman - Hanson Regional High School and played on the soccer team . She finished her high school career with 74 goals and 34 assists . She was a three - time NSCAA All - American , three - time All - New England and All - Massachusetts team honoree and a three - time Eastern Massachusetts Girls Soccer Association Div. 1 First - Team All - Star . In 2008 , Mewis was named the NSCAA Youth Player of the Year and the US Soccer Young Female Athlete of the Year . In 2009 , she was named to the Parade All - America team . Mewis played for the Region 1 Olympic Development Program ( ODP ) team from 2003 -- 2007 . She played with her younger sister Sam at the 2008 FIFA U- 17 Women 's World Cup and the 2010 FIFA U- 20 Women 's World Cup . As a freshman at Boston College , Mewis recorded five goals and six assists , and was second on the team in shots taken with 72 , bettered only by fellow Eagle and United States U- 17 teammate , Vicki DiMartino . Mewis played and started in 23 games and tied for fourth on the team in scoring with five goals and six assists for 16 points . Mewis played midfield and filled in on defense due to injuries . She was named to the All - ACC Freshmen Team , the Top Drawer Soccer All - Rookie team , and Soccer America All - Rookie team and earned NSCAA All - Southeast Region first team honors . During her sophomore year in 2010 , Mewis started all 25 games on the season and led the Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) in shots with 101 . She scored ten goals , ranking seventh in the ACC and second for Boston . She was first on the team in assists with 14 ; tied for the ACC lead . She tied for fifth in the ACC in points with 34 . Mewis set a school record by recording a goal or assist in 11 consecutive games from August 29 to October tallying seven goals and eight assists during the run . She was awarded ACC Player of the Week and CollegeSoccer360 Team of the Week honors on October 4 . Mewis was named New England Soccer News Player of the Year and was an All - ACC first team selection . She was a Hermann Trophy semifinalist and a member of Soccer America MVP 's first team . Mewis received NSCAA All - American first team accolades and was named to Top Drawer Soccer 's second team . She was also the NSCAA Player of the Week on September 29 . In 2011 , Mewis led the team in scoring eight goals and six assists for 22 points and was named the Offensive Team MVP . Starting and playing in 20 games during the season , Mewis logged 1,545 minutes of play while leading the team in shots with 81 . She averaged 4.05 shots per game , ranking second in the ACC and was 11th in the ACC in points , with 22 . Mewis was a NSCAA Division 1 All - America third team selection and earned NSCAA Southeast Regional first team honors . She was an all - ACC first team selection , was named to the Soccer America MVP second team , and was named to the Soccer America Preseason All - America list . Mewis was named to the Preseason Hermann Trophy Watch List and was a semifinalist for the award . During her senior year , Mewis finished the 2012 season with a career - high 16 goals , 12 assists for a career - high 44 points . She recorded nine multi-point games ( three or more points ) and had a goal or assist in 15 of 21 games this season . Mewis is the all - time leading scorer in the Boston College program with 116 total points . After opening the season with a nine - game scoring streak , second to her personal and program record of 11 games which she accomplished in 2010 , she was named a Division 1 ECAC All - Star and Hermann Trophy Semifinalist . Mewis received NSCAA First Team All - America and All - Southeast Region honors and was named to the TopDrawerSoccer.com Team of the Season -- Upperclassmen -- first team . She was named to the All - ACC first team and College Sports Madness All - American first team . Mewis tallied her first career hat trick in a match against Harvard . The three goals made her the all - time leader in points at Boston College . She finished her career with 39 goals , 38 assists , nine game - winning goals and 21 multiple - point games . She was the second player in program history to register a goal in five straight games . Mewis signed with the Australian W - League team Canberra United FC to finish the final two weeks of the 2012 -- 13 season . She made her first appearance for the club during a 5 -- 0 win against the Western Sydney Wanderers FC on January 8 and scored the team 's fifth goal in the 89th minute of the match . Her second and final appearance occurred on January 12 when the team was defeated 5 -- 1 by eventual regular season champions , Brisbane Roar FC . Mewis scored Canberra 's only goal of the match in the 45th minute . Canberra United finished fifth during the regular season with a 5 -- 3 -- 4 record . In January 2013 , Mewis was drafted in the first round ( third pick overall ) of the 2013 NWSL College Draft to FC Kansas City for the inaugural season of the National Women 's Soccer League . She was elevated to U.S. Soccer - subsidized status during the year . She scored her first goal of the season in the 74th minute of the Blues ' 3 -- 2 win over Portland Thorns FC on May 8 . Mewis made 20 appearances for FC Kansas City during the regular season helping the team finish second in the standings with an 11 -- 5 -- 6 record . The team advanced to the playoffs but were defeated 3 -- 2 in the semifinals by Portland . In November 2013 , FC Kansas City traded Mewis to Seattle Reign FC for Amy Rodriguez . Of the trade , Reign FC coach , Laura Harvey said , `` Kristie is a young , bright and talented player who we feel can benefit our long - term plan . She has proven that she can be a high - level player in this environment and we feel we have the structure to help push Kristie to the next level . '' On November 18 , 2013 , she was traded alongside Michelle Betos and two 2015 NWSL College Draft picks to the Boston Breakers for Sydney Leroux . October 2014 Mewis signed a three - month contract with Iga FC Kunoichi of the Japanese Nadeshiko League first division . Wearing number 31 and playing as a forward , Mewis scored five goals in seven games , which included two braces . During matches in which she played , Iga FC compiled a record of 6 -- 1 . In August 2015 , Mewis signed a one - year contract with Bayern Munich . Mewis captained the inaugural United States U17 that was runner - up at the 2008 FIFA U- 17 Women 's World Cup in New Zealand , alongside North Carolina 's Amber Brooks and Portland 's Cloee Colohan . Her younger sister Samantha was also a member of that squad . Over the course of the tournament , Mewis scored two goals and was the recipient of the Bronze Ball as the tournament 's third - best player . On January 22 , 2013 , Mewis was called to the national training camp by head coach Tom Sermanni in preparation for a friendly match against Scotland ahead of the Algarve Cup . She made her debut for the senior team on February 9 , 2013 against Scotland and was placed on the roster for 2013 Algarve Cup . Mewis scored the game - opening goal in the third minute of a friendly match against South Korea on June 15 , 2013 near her hometown in Massachusetts . The U.S. defeated South Korea 4 -- 1 . Mewis was the United States Soccer Federation 's 2008 Young Female Athlete of the Year . She holds the 300 meters ( 42.2 s ) and 600 meters ( 1:37 ) indoor track records at Whitman - Hanson Regional High School . Mewis is the older sister of UCLA and United States U- 23 women 's national soccer team player Sam Mewis . 