The Testament of Sister New Devil is an anime series adapted from the light novels of the same title by Tetsuto Uesu and Nekosuke Ōkuma . Produced by Production IMS and directed by Hisashi Saito with Takao Yoshioka acting as series organizer , it was broadcast on Tokyo Metropolitan Television from January 7 , 2015 to March 25 , 2015 , and later continued with the second season from October 9 to December 11 , 2015 . The series follows the adventures of Basara Tojo , a young man who befriends Mio and Maria Naruse , who become his sisters . After performing a master - slave magical contract , Basara must help defend Mio from the demon and hero clans . The first anime series adapts material from the first three light novels . The first DVD and Blu - ray Disc compilation was released in Japan on March 27 , 2015 by Kadokawa Shoten , with individual volumes being released monthly until August 28 , 2015 for a total of six volumes . In March 2015 , the first season 's twelfth episode announced that a second season would continue broadcasting in Japan in October . The season is titled The Testament of Sister New Devil BURST and it adapts Uesu and Ōkuma 's light novels from the fourth through the seventh volumes . The first DVD and Blu - Ray compilation of BURST was released on December 25 , 2015 by Kadokawa Shoten , with individual volumes being released monthly . The background music for the series was composed by Yasuharu Takanashi . For the first season , two pieces of theme music were used . The opening theme , titled `` Blade of Hope '' , is performed by the voice actress unit sweet ARMS . The ending theme is `` Still Sis '' performed by Kaori Sadohara . For the second season , two pieces of theme music were used . The opening theme is `` Over The Testament '' , performed by Metamorphose , a unit consisting of singers Yoko Ishida , Kaori Oda , Aki Misato and Megumi Ogata . The ending theme is `` Temperature '' performed by Dual Flare , a duo consisting of singer Yuki Yamada and voice actress Natsumi Yamada . 