Brigadier General Alicia Tate - Nadeau is the first woman to be promoted to general in the Illinois Army National Guard . Tate - Nadeau studied business at Southwestern Oklahoma State University , and was a member of the Alpha Gamma Delta sorority . In 1984 , she joined the Reserve Officer 's Training Corps after the Dean of Woman at her school suggested it would help raise her GPA . Later , Tate - Nadeau would transfer to the University of Central Oklahoma and graduate with a degree in health . In 1986 , through the UCO 's ROTC program , she was commissioned to second lieutenant . Later in life , Tate - Nadeau was working on her master 's degree in hospital administration . Brigadier General Tate - Nadeau has been a member of the National Guard for 30 years . She has held numerous leadership positions . From 1989 to 1991 , she was company commander for Headquarters Detachment , 44th Chemical Battalion in Sycamore , Illinois , while on a tour of duty under Colonel Norman A. Schenbrenner . From 2002 to 2003 , she was the officer in charge at the Regional Training Institute in Springfield , Illinois . Tate - Nadeau 's many other positions include , Chief of the Joint Staff ; Director of Plans , Operations , and Training ; 404th Chemical Brigade Deputy Commander ; and 5th Civil Support Team Commander . In 1997 , Tate - Nadeau `` abandoned '' the once - a - week duty of a conventional reservist for the full - time Active Guard reserve . Tate - Nadeau was assigned to be the Illinois Army National Guard 's Director of Plans , Operations and Training in 2003 , which she calls , `` The hardest job I 've had . '' From 2005 to 2006 , she served a tour in Iraq as the Chief of Operations , Plans , and Public Information at Camp Lincoln . Tate - Nadeau completed a three - year - tour in Ramla , Israel as liaison officer to the Israeli Home Front Command . In her recent position as the Illinois Army National Guard Assistant Adjutant General , Tate - Nadeau was responsible for overseeing Illinois National Guard Homeland Security response and programs . She was put in charge of domestic operations . Most recently , Tate - Nadeau has returned to a civilian job at the Federal Emergency Management Agency in Chicago . She is responsible for heading a 12 person - rapid response team assigned to cover FEMA 's Region V. This area includes Illinois , Indiana , Ohio , Michigan , Wisconsin , and Minnesota . Their team needs to be `` the first ones on the ground , representing the federal government in case of an emergency . '' As Brigadier General , she will do her guard work when needed , and will serve as a `` traditional guardsman . '' 